Last time we saw each other, we were building a payment gateway and, well, I have to be honest,
we're still continuing on that right now.
So hold on to your horses, because now it's getting a bit more complicated.
Where we landed is we have the payment gateway, right?
We have something we can talk to, but it's not talking to Stripe yet, the process of payment and it's
not really getting anything from our checkout chest.
So what we want to do here is the free, very first step that we want to go through is we want to build
that request.
That's going to give us information here that we need in order to process a payment and to do that.
Well, first of all, we're not going to need to go back to our actual front and back up.
And we're going to need to go to Check-Out service because in Check-Out service is where the core of
our card to talk request happen.
But now we're going to build something called a payment request, right?
A pay request, we'll call it.
And so that pay request is going to take in our token the amount for which the request is going to happen.
And the name.
Those are the three pieces of information that the UI is going to supply us.
And once the UI supplies us, those.
Well, what we're going to do is we're going to return something.
We're going to return a fetch call, write a fetch.
Where's that fetch?
Going to go to the memo.
Well, that's a good question.
We're going to import the host from Tharthar and then we're going to look at dot, dot, slash, utils,
env.
And in the end, we have our host.
So let's fetch from and let's build our URL from the host.
And so we're going to go to host slash pay now, this hosts should be the same host that we used in
the Google integration.
And again, if you're not hosting these firebase functions again, you should you should host these
firebase functions on the local development where we're going to localhost for the firebase, where
we obviously have a URL.
If you're implementing this solely on Android, you may get stuck here again without being able to host
these on Firebase.
So be very aware of that.
So now that we're talking to the payment endpoint, the first thing we're going to do is we're going
we're not going to implement the mark here.
We're not marketing anything with the payment.
Endpoint is talking directly to Stripe.
But what we're going to do is we're going to send a body and that body is going to be JSON String Afie.
And what we're going to send is the token, the name, the amount.
And then last but not least, we're going to give this a method and we're going to see post now a post
method is a way to talk to an endpoint.
When you get something from an endpoint, the endpoint is giving you something.
When you post something to an endpoint, you're sending something to it.
So a post is very important in this case because we're sending information to the endpoint that is the
semantically correct way to do this.
So then we'll do a dot then and we'll say response.
And so with that response, we'll say if restaffed status is greater than two hundred, what we're going
to do here is we're going to return promise dot reject.
And we're going to say something went wrong, processing your payment, that is the generic error we're
going to pass up now, you could pass up the specific error I'm choosing, not you ready?
And then we'll return restaff.
Jason.
OK, so now we've handled talking to our end point, but we haven't really implemented it at all.
So how do we go about actually integrating this into our component?
Well, if we go to check dot screen, here is where we're going to implement this.
Now, you may be asking yourself, we've been using context to do this so far.
We've been using our context to pass through the methods.
Well, hold on, because checkout is holding state.
The payment request is just doing a simple request to an end point.
There is no intermediate state in which we can do the on payment.
Now, you could, for instance, say that in the current context we could put an online payment method.
But I prefer to do it this way right over here.
What we're going to do is we're going to import pay requests and we're going to do that from thought
that Slashdot thoughts, thought slash services, slash, checkout slash checkout service.
And now that we have our payment request now, we can start building out the actual payment.
So what we can say here, right over here is that consed on pay is equal to a function.
Now that function is the function that's going to have lower payment.
And what we're going to do with that payment is we're going to process it over.
OK, so how do we do that?
Well, we don't really have our token right here, right.
We don't we don't have the information re.
But what we do have is our request, so our pay request can have our token write, our request needs
some kind of token it needs.
So one, two, three.
Right.
Let's say that that was our token.
And then if we go over to the checkout service, we can see what else it needs.
It needs a token, needs an amount and it needs a name.
OK, so a token amount, let's say that that's twelve ninety nine.
And then the name is Moe Beatty.
Right.
And then what we'll do is we'll just fire off this request.
We're not really going to do anything with it.
And we'll say that, you know, use effect on mount of this component.
Fire a pay request.
Just very simple stuff.
Let's fire that pay request, or rather, of the ENPI, which is wrapping the pay request.
And so now we can go into our pay index.
And what we can do here is we can response thoughts and request thought body.
And so when we do that, what we're going to see here, rather, if we cancel that log.
Request, but body and we response thoughts and success.
What we're going to see here in our consular log in the terminal.
Is the following, if we go over here to our app and we reload.
We should see a request coming in, so we executed a payment, we started a payment.
We executed P, we finished P, but where is the console?
Where did any of that happen?
Did none of that actually happen?
Well, it's called let's try it again places nearby.
And if we go inside here, we do place order, oh, here we go, here's our token.
So we're getting back the information here.
Tolkan One, two, three.
Name Ngobeni amount one two nine nine.
Well, what if we do request our body that token?
Can we get specifically the token?
So let's go ahead and try that again.
Let's reload here and let's do this.
I was press order.
Tolkan is undefined.
Why is Tolkan undefined?
Well, let's try a Jason passerelle.
And then let's do Jassal not pass requestor body around the request that body, and let's try it again.
So if we reload here and then we add the card, we can see now, oh, the tokens coming in, one, two,
three.
So we need to pass the body so we can say something along the lines of consed body is equal to Jason
Parks body and then we can say body that Tolkan body that name.
And so we're getting the body of the information that was sent to us, and if we again, go ahead and
reload here, what we can see in our checkout flow, if we add to cart is one, two, three, Mobileye.
OK, so we've now successfully entered the phase of talking to our server and sending the information.
So now what do we do?
Well, let's go hook up the actual information in the UI.